hi this is Judy at Judy in the kitchen
today I'm going to show you how to make
the easiest minestrone soup you've ever
had
first I'm starting with my homemade
tomato soup which is really very easy
three ingredients 1 small bottle of
vegetable juice original flavor is fine
1/2 teaspoon of dried basil leaves and 1
small can of Italian diced tomatoes I've
got that on the stove and it's just
gently warming up and now I'm gonna go
warm up the skillet alright my skillet
is warming up and I'm going to hang out
about just a tablespoon or so of extra
virgin olive oil I'm gonna swirl that
around a little bit
just to get it all over the pan third of
a cup chopped onion one medium sized
carrot that I have killed one medium
zucchini slice lengthwise and then slice
down the links so I've got half round
pieces there all I want to do is just
allow these to soften up just a bit and
then I'm going to add these to the soup
that I have started we don't really need
to worry about seasoning these because
the seasoning is in the soup we're just
gonna let these saute and soften up and
when they're about done I'm going to add
one can
rinsed and drained cannellini beans and
let them warm up and then I'm going to
add that to my soup and we'll show you
what that looks like my vegetables have
sauteed and my beans are in here my
vegetables in here I'm going to let it
simmer a little while longer until the
vegetables are s tender as I want them
to be to serve this all you need to do
is put some cooked pasta in your bowl
spoon some soup on top of that and
sprinkle it with Parmesan cheese and you
have some delicious very easy minestrone
soup to find more tips and tricks and
recipes go to my website handmade in
Iowa com look for the recipes page and
you'll see lots of offshoot pages from
there this is Judy at Judy in the
kitchen have a great day
you